#190 enabled to generate a dynamic module for custom udf (#202)
exasol/advanced-analytics-framework: doc/user_guide/user_guide.md

    --dsn "$DB_HOST:DB_PORT" \
    --db-user "$DB_USER" \
    --db-pass "$DB_PASSWORD" \
    --schema "$AAF_DB_SCHEMA" \
    --language-alias "$LANGUAGE_ALIAS"
```

> The name of the database schema must match the schema when executing the script.

Reviewer: this is unclear

Author: See next push.

### Concrete Example Using an Adhoc Implementation Within the UDF

> The example dynamically creates a python module `xyz` and adds classes `ExampleQueryHandler` and `ExampleQueryHandlerFactory` to it.

Reviewer 2: I would give the module a more meaningful name than "xyz". If you were doing this manually you would probably call the module "example_query_handler.py" or "example_qh.py", or something like that.

In order to execute the example successfully you need to
1. [Create a BucketFS connection](#bucketfs-connection)
2. Activate the AAF's SLC

> 2. Create the involved database schemas

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Make sure the database schemas used in the example exist.
```

The example assumes the name for the BucketFS Connection `<CONNECTION_NAME>` to be `BFS_CON`.

> The following SQL statements activate the AAF's SLC and create the involved database schemas:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following SQL statements activate the AAF's SLC and create the required database schemas unless they already exist:
```

        super().__init__(parameter, query_handler_context)
        self.parameter = parameter
        self.query_handler_context = query_handler_context
        self.bfs_proxy = None
        self.db_table_proxy = None

    def _bfs_file(self, proxy: BucketFSLocationProxy):
        return proxy.bucketfs_location() / "temp_file.txt"

    def start(self) -> Union[Continue, Finish[str]]:
        def sample_content(key: str) -> str:
            timestamp = datetime.now().strftime("%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S")
            return f"{timestamp} {key} {self.parameter}"

        def table_query_string(statement: str, **kwargs):
            table_name = self.db_table_proxy._db_object_name.fully_qualified
            return statement.format(table_name=table_name, **kwargs)

        def table_query(statement: str, **kwargs):
            return SelectQuery(table_query_string(statement, **kwargs))

        self.bfs_proxy = self.query_handler_context.get_temporary_bucketfs_location()
        self._bfs_file(self.bfs_proxy).write(sample_content("bucketfs"))
        self.db_table_proxy = self.query_handler_context.get_temporary_table_name()
        query_list = [

>             table_query('CREATE TABLE {table_name} ("c1" VARCHAR(100), "c2" INTEGER)'),

Author: The placeholder `{table_name}` is not expanded here, but in function `table_query()`, more precisely in `table_query_string()`: 
```
        def table_query_string(statement: str, **kwargs):
            table_name = self.db_table_proxy._db_object_name.fully_qualified
            return statement.format(table_name=table_name, **kwargs)
```

The name is obtained from the so-called _proxy_.
AAF uses different proxies to enable reference counting and auto-removal when terminating a query handler. 
As the concept seems important too me and your question itches the same point, I will add a short section to the user guide in the next push.

>             table_query('CREATE TABLE {table_name} ("c1" VARCHAR(100), "c2" INTEGER)'),

Author: Additionally: Currently we are abusing the `SelectQuery` also for `CREATE TABLE` and `INSERT` statements as used in the example, as there is no `InsertQuery` or `CreateQuery`, yet.

However, this requires accessing the private name of the database object encapsulated by the proxy as seen in function `table_query_string()` above. Maybe we decide to change this in the current PR already?

### Concrete Example Using an Adhoc Implementation Within the UDF

The example dynamically creates a python module `xyz` and adds classes `ExampleQueryHandler` and `ExampleQueryHandlerFactory` to it.

In order to execute the example successfully you need to
1. [Create a BucketFS connection](#bucketfs-connection)
2. Activate the AAF's SLC
3. Make sure the database schemas used in the example exist.

The example assumes
* the name for the BucketFS Connection `<CONNECTION_NAME>` to be `BFS_CON`
* the name for the AAF database schema `<AAF_DB_SCHEMA` to be `AAF_DB_SCHEMA`, see [Additional Scripts](#additional-scripts)

The following SQL statements activate the AAF's SLC and create the required database schemas unless they already exist:

```shell

> ALTER SYSTEM SET SCRIPT_LANGUAGES='R=builtin_r JAVA=builtin_java PYTHON3=builtin_python3 PYTHON3_AAF=localzmq+protobuf:///bfsdefault/default/temp/exasol_advanced_analytics_framework_container_release?lang=python#/buckets/bfsdefault/default/temp/exasol_advanced_analytics_framework_container_release/exaudf/exaudfclient_py3';

Reviewer: and the path actually has many assumptions.

> ALTER SESSION SET SCRIPT_LANGUAGES='R=builtin_r JAVA=builtin_java PYTHON3=builtin_python3 PYTHON3_AAF=localzmq+protobuf:///bfsdefault/default/temp/exasol_advanced_analytics_framework_container_release?lang=python#/buckets/bfsdefault/default/temp/exasol_advanced_analytics_framework_container_release/exaudf/exaudfclient_py3';

Author: I applied your proposal, @tkilias.
How about the assumptions? 
Maybe we first try to identify all assumptions?

Thinking about it: maybe we can omit the ALTER SESSION statement, as all this is already done by the AAF deploy command?

Reviewer: lets remove it

Author: :+1:
